STUCK TEST - Compulsion Themes

Stuck Test Logic:

These question tags will create the stuck test results. There can be
more than one in type within the same question. Example: mental,
emotional. Therefore, again, we will need to rely on which adds up to
the highest percentage for the total amount.

Logic Key for stuck test results:

(stuck result tags) within the parentheses. These will help dictate the
results section of the stuck test.

Compulsive Themes - This will help trigger the compulsive theme to be
shown in the result section within the compulsion results section. There
are only three sections of this test that will trigger these results.
These sections are as follows:

Stuck in mental compulsions section

Stuck in perfectionism section

Stuck in rituals section

Stuck in checking section

Stuck in avoidance section

{types of mental compulsion} This is a type of mental compulsion that I
would like to be listed in the compulsion section “view all results”
button. You could just list these under the mental compulsion section of
the total results breakdown. The only section that will need to show
these results is from the Stuck in Mental Compulsions section.

Stuck Test Numbers

Mental 69

Physical 55

Emotional 24

Future 8

Past 8

Present 9

Avoidance 38

Checking 39

Reassurance 42

Stuck In The Past

Do you often find yourself stuck in the past? (Past, Mental)

Are you oftentimes reminded about memories from the past where you might
have done something to feel shame, guilt, embarrassment, or some other
painful emotion? (Past, Emotional)

Do you often find yourself needing to know the exact specifics about a
past memory or experience? (Past, Mental)

Do you constantly fear that you might have done something wrong in your
past? (Past, Mental)

Do you constantly check your memories of the past? Even if it was 5
minutes ago? (Past, Mental)

Do you find yourself replaying, rewinding, and inspecting memories or
experiences of the past? (Past, Mental)

Do you find yourself ruminating continuously about the past, past
memories, or past experiences? (Past, Mental)

Do you feel like you are not present at times because you are mentally
stuck, worried or fearing the future? (Past, Mental)

Stuck In The Future

Do you continuously find yourself thinking of future based thoughts,
worries, or fears? (Future, Mental)

Do you often find yourself in a state of worry about the future where
you feel the need to predict the future and any possible outcomes that
could come in the future? (Future, Mental)

Do you find yourself always fearing a catastrophic future? (Future,
Mental)

Do you find yourself needing to know what will happen in the future so
that you can ensure your worst fears never come true? (Future, Mental)

Do you feel like you are not present at times because you are mentally
stuck, worried or fearing the future? (Future, Mental)

Do you feel like you are rarely able to be present in the here and now
because you are constantly stuck in the future in your head? (Future,
Mental)

Do you fear that past experiences will happen again in the future
(concern that experiences of the past will happen again in the future)?
(Future, Mental)

Do you find yourself always trying to answer what if questions in your
head? Ex. What if I get in a car accident and die? (Future, Mental)

Stuck In The Present

Do you find yourself fearing contamination fears in this moment, do have
to clean and decontaminate yourself, hands, or house often? (Present,
Physical)

Do you find yourself needing something to feel right or be just right
before you move on? (Present, Emotional, Physical)

Do you find yourself needing to feel complete before you move on (going
from on task to another)? (Present, Emotional, Physical)

Do you find yourself constantly avoiding people, places, objets, or
experiences? (Present, Physical)

Do you find yourself not wanting to touch something for fears of
contamination?(Present, Physical)

Do you find yourself needing to avoid things because they “feel gross”?
(Present, Physical, Emotional)

Do you find yourself needing to count, check, or do a task until a
certain number in order to be able to move on? (Present, Mental,
Physical)

Do you have to check door locks, make sure you shut the door, or perform
some other task in the moment, otherwise you cannot move on? (Present,
Physical)

Do you avoid certain people for fears that you could become them or take
on a part of their personality, traits, or identity? (Present, Physical)

Stuck Emotionally / Feeling

Do you feel that if you do not perform a compulsion, you will be stuck
feeling an emotion other than fear or anxiety? (Emotional)

Do you feel like the emotion is holding you hostage; that if I don’t do
a certain thing, you are threatened with having that emotion
permanently? (Emotional)

Do you feel out of control because of emotions triggered by OCD that are
not anxiety or fear? (Emotional)

Do you continue to feel feelings of guilt, shame, embarrassment, sadness
or anger until you perform a compulsion? (Emotional)

After performing the compulsion do you feel more guilt, shame,
embarrassment, sadness or anger because you performed the compulsion?
(Emotional)

Does it feel like emotions keep you stuck because it’s a never-ending
loop of feeling that emotion unless you complete the compulsions?
(Emotional)

Do these emotions feel more intense, less rational, and feel like
unrealistic guilt, anger, or sadness that are out of your control?
(Emotional)

Do you find that your OCD triggers tend to create an ongoing experience
where you are consumed by feelings of guilt? (Emotional)

Do you find that your OCD triggers tend to create an ongoing experience
where you are consumed by feelings of shame? (Emotional)

Do you find that your OCD triggers tend to create an ongoing experience
where you are consumed by feelings of sadness? (Emotional)

Do you find that your OCD triggers tend to create an ongoing experience
where you are consumed by feelings of anger? (Emotional)

Do you find that your OCD triggers tend to create an ongoing experience
where you are consumed by feelings of regret? (Emotional)

Do you find that your OCD triggers tend to create an ongoing experience
where you are consumed by feelings of embarrassment? (Emotional)

Do you find that your OCD triggers tend to create an ongoing experience
where you are consumed by disgust? (Emotional)

Do you feel any feelings of guilt, shame, or regret mean that you must
have done something wrong with past experiences? (Emotional)

Do you find that your emotions are the reason you feel the need to
perform compulsions? (Emotional)

Do you feel the need for things in your life to feel right or be just
right? This can include clothing, checking, leaving a room, getting out
of or into the car, leaving the house, writing a text, etc. (Emotional)

Do you feel like things feels gross or feel dirty? Do you avoid things
that feel gross or feel dirty? (Emotional)

Stuck Physically

Do you find yourself constantly cleaning, washing ,or decontaminating
your hands, or other physical body parts? (Physical, Avoidance)

Do you find yourself constantly needing to decontaminate the house, your
room, car, or other objects? (Physical, Avoidance)

Do you find yourself physically checking (touching / grabbing / rubbing)
items a specific amount of times? (Physical, Checking, Reassurance)

Do you find that you need to shower, bathe, brush your teeth, groom, or
go to the bathroom in a specific way? (Physical, Avoidance, Reassurance)

Do you find yourself constantly needing to change outfits or clothes
because they don’t feel right or are considered bad luck? (Physical,
Mental, Emotional, Reassurance)

Do you find yourself constantly needing to rearrange items/ move
objects, or ensure that an object is symmetrical correct? (Physical,
Avoidance, Checking, Reassurance)

Do you find yourself getting stuck performing physical tasks that you do
not want to be doing but feel you have to because of OCD? (Physical,
Emotional)

Do you find yourself engaging in Trichotillomania (hair pulling), or
Dermotillomania (skin-picking)? (Physical)

Stuck Mentally (These are also Mental Compulsions)

Do you constantly find yourself ruminating or pondering about your
obsessional fears and thoughts? (Mental, Reassurance, Checking)
(Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Pure Obsessional / Pure O}

Do you find yourself constantly trying to obsessively need to know in
your life? Do you find yourself needing to remember situations or
circumstances that happened in the past, if your thoughts are something
you would want in your life, or if you are capable of performing fearful
actions? (Mental, Reassurance, Checking) (Mental - Compulsion Test
Results) {Need to Know}

Do you continuously feel the need to understand what your obsessional
triggers, thoughts, or fears mean? (Mental, Reassurance, Checking)
(Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Need to Understand}

Do you continuously feel the need to solve your obsessional triggers,
thoughts, or fears? (Mental, Reassurance, Checking) (Mental - Compulsion
Test Results) {Need to Solve}

Do you continuously feel the need to figure out what your obsessional
triggers, thoughts, or fears mean? (Mental, Reassurance) (Mental -
Compulsion Test Results) {Need to Figure Out}

Do you find yourself constantly checking mentally if something is true,
real, fales, etc? (Mental, Reassurance, Checking) (Mental - Compulsion
Test Results) {Mental Checking}

Do you constantly find yourself trying to prove that your OCD fears will
not become true or will never happen and provide reasons for why these
things will never happen in your life? (Mental, Reassurance) (Mental -
Compulsion Test Results) {Arguing with OCD / Debating OCD}

Do you find yourself replaying, rewinding, pausing, zooming in and out
on specific parts of past memories? Do you find yourself replaying
situations in our mind (Did I touch that? Did I say that? Did I do
that?) - (Mental, Checking) (Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Replay /
Rewind Memories}

Listing reasons why you aren’t the thing OCD is telling you about your
identity? (Mental, Reassurance) (Mental - Compulsion Test Results)
{Needing To Prove Your Identity}

Do you find yourself trying hard to suppress your scary intrusive
thoughts? (Mental, Avoidance) (Mental - Compulsion Test Results)
{Thought Suppression}

Are you constantly trying to avoid your thoughts? Do you find yourself
trying to ignore your thoughts? Do you do everything that you can to
distract yourself from thoughts/ fears? (Mental, Avoidance) (Mental -
Compulsion Test Results) {Thought Avoidance}

Do you find yourself constantly neutralizing thoughts with a positive
thought, image, or some other mental form of neutralization? (Mental,
Avoidance) (Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Thought Neutralization}

Do you find that you are constantly having to deal with “what if”
questions and feel the need to answer what if questions? (Mental,
Checking, Avoidance) (Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Answering What
If Questions}

Do you find yourself constantly trying to predict the future out of fear
of what could happen? (Mental, Checking, Avoidance) (Mental - Compulsion
Test Results) {Fortune Telling}

Do you find yourself constantly trying to figure out what other people
are thinking about you when you are with them or during social
interactions? (Mental, Checking, Avoidance) (Mental - Compulsion Test
Results) {Mind Reading}

Do you find your OCD is constantly connecting dots that seem unrealistic
to others? (Mental, Checking, Avoidance) (Mental - Compulsion Test
Results) {Magical Thinking}

Do you constantly feel the need to provide yourself with reassurance?
This can be done with online research, asking loved ones and friends if
you are okay, or some other form of reassurance. (Mental, Checking,
Avoidance, Reassurance) (Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Seeking
Reassurance}

Do you find yourself constantly checking to see what your intentions
were in the past by replaying memories? (Mental, Checking, Reassurance)
(Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Checking Intentions}

Do you find yourself constantly praying in the hopes that your prayers
will neutralize your negative unwanted thoughts? (Mental, Reassurance)
(Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Compulsive Praying}

Playing or ruminating about a future situation in your head that is
based on a catastrophic fearful outcome. The goal of doing this is to
try to predict what will happen in the future. (Mental, Reassurance)
(Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Fortune Telling}

Trying to figure out or predict what other people are thinking about you
when you are around them. Thinking that you already know what they are
thinking or saying about you in their head (Mental, Checking,
Reassurance) (Mental - Compulsion Test Results) {Mind Reading}

Do you continually utilize your mental energy (thinking/analyzing/brain
power) to figure out OCD thoughts and fears (obsessions)? Spending lots
of time and energy ruminating on fears, intrusive thoughts, going
through a mental checklist in your head, pondering whether or not you
have done, or are capable of doing something that is polar to who you
know yourself to be, is illegal, immoral, or some other fearful outcome.
(Mental, Checking, Reassurance) (Mental - Compulsion Test Results)
{Rumination}

Stuck in Avoidance

Do you constantly find yourself in a state of avoidance in your life?
(Avoidance) Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Do you feel the need to avoid thoughts, people, experiences, or places
in your life? (Avoidance, Mental, Physical) Avoidance - Compulsive
Themes

Do you find yourself constantly needing to escape and avoid certain
people, places, or experiences that will trigger your anxiety, fear, or
overwhelm? (Avoidance, Physical) Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Do you constantly find yourself needing to distract yourself away from
your intrusive thoughts, fears, or obsessions? (Avoidance, Mental)
Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself needing to avoid certain numbers, people, or places
that are considered bad luck or create superstitious fears? (Avoidance)
Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Do you need to avoid people, places, or objects that are deemed
“contaminated”? (Avoidance, Physical, Mental) Avoidance - Compulsive
Themes

Do you find yourself avoiding certain types of people (LGBTQ,
right-wingers, rude or mean people, or people that you dislike or do not
care for)? (Avoidance, Physical, Mental) Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself continuously avoiding public places that have large
crowds, are busy, or overwhelming to you? (Ex. Mall, shopping centers,
grocery stores, etc). (Avoidance, Physical) Avoidance - Compulsive
Themes

Do you find it easier to just avoid than to face the thing that you are
avoiding? (Avoidance) Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Do you wish you could never come into contact with the thing you are
avoiding? (Avoidance) Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself avoiding certain social situations? (Ex. public
speaking, parties, weddings, social gatherings, etc) (Avoidance,
Physical) Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Do you avoid other areas of your life as a result of OCD, fears, or
anxiety? (Avoidance) Avoidance - Compulsive Themes

Stuck in Reassurance

Do you find that you are constantly seeking reassurance? (the need to
seek outside of yourself to achieve a sense of calm. This can be with
other people, online research, taking tests, or seeing the doctor)
(Reassurance) Reassurance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself constantly checking to reassure yourself (this can
be physical or mental but there is a need to repeatedly check thoughts,
items, or memories to ensure safety, security, that you did or didn’t do
something, etc.)? (Reassurance) Reassurance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself constantly needing to tell, confess, or share your
thoughts, fears, or concerns with someone that you trust? (Reassurance)
Reassurance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself constantly needing to ask someone that you trust if
you have done something, did do something, or are capable of doing
something? (Reassurance) Reassurance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself constantly going online to provide yourself with
online reassurance? (Ex. Googling your fears and concerns, going to
WebMD, or some other website to verify that you are okay, not capable of
doing something or didn’t do something) (Reassurance, Mental)
Reassurance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself constantly going to your doctor to ensure that you
do not have a health condition, additional diagnosis, or that some other
catastrophic fear will not, or has not come true? (Reassurance, Mental,
Physical) Reassurance - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself constantly needing to speak with your trusted
family member, friend, professional, or significant other about your
obsessional triggers, or fears? (Reassurance) Reassurance - Compulsive
Themes

Do you find yourself continually telling yourself that you did not do
something, will not do something, or are not capable of doing something?
(Reassurance, Mental) Reassurance - Compulsive Themes

Do you constantly tell yourself things like “that is not true”, “I did
not do that”, “I am not that”, or “I could never do that”? (Reassurance,
Mental) Reassurance - Compulsive Themes

Do you perform some other form of reassurance seeking in your life as a
result of OCD, fears, or anxiety? (Reassurance) Reassurance - Compulsive
Themes

Stuck in Checking

Do you repeatedly check the stove, locks, garage door, iron, or windows
prior to leaving or when you come home? (Checking, Mental, Physical)
Checking - Compulsive Themes

Are you constantly checking if you placed something somewhere?
(Checking, Mental, Physical) Checking - Compulsive Themes

Are you constantly checking to make sure you didn’t forget anything or
leave something behind? (Checking, Mental, Physical) Checking -
Compulsive Themes

Are you constantly checking that you did not or will not harm or hurt
others? Do you find yourself checking that you did not or will not harm
yourself? (Checking, Mental) Checking - Compulsive Themes

Are you constantly checking that nothing terrible will happen in the
future? (Ex. Fortune Telling AKA trying to predict the future)
(Checking, Mental) Checking - Compulsive Themes

Are you constantly checking that you did not make a mistake, do
something wrong, or checking some other fear or memory from the past?
(Checking, Mental) Checking - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself physically checking physical sensations in the
body? Do you feel consumed by consistently monitoring physical
sensations of the body? (Checking, Physical) Checking - Compulsive
Themes

Do you find yourself mentally checking things that have happened in your
past, past experiences, or past memories to ensure that you did not do
something or could not have done something? (Checking, Mental)
Checking - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself checking to make sure you did the right thing, said
the right thing, or made the right choice or decision? (Checking,
Mental) Checking - Compulsive Themes

Do you perform some other form of checking in your life as a result of
OCD, fears, or anxiety? (Checking) Checking - Compulsive Themes

Stuck in Perfectionism

Do you continuously feel the need to write, text, speak, or act
perfectly? (Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) -
Compulsive Themes - Perfectionism

Do you find yourself needing to rewrite emails, texts, or papers over
and over until you get them perfect? (Mental, Physical, Checking,
Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive Themes - Perfectionism

Do you find yourself needing to look perfect? (Hair, make up, outfit,
etc) (Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive
Themes - Perfectionism

Do you find yourself repeating over and over to achieve perfection in
some area of your life? (Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance,
Avoidance) - Compulsive Themes - Perfectionism

Do you feel like perfection is the only grade that is worth getting?
(Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive
Themes - Perfectionism

Do you find yourself needing to live perfectly? (Mental, Physical,
Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive Themes - Perfectionism

Do you find yourself constantly compelled to live as if you are perfect?
(Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive
Themes - Perfectionism

Do you feel like perfection is the only appropriate way to live in the
world? (Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive
Themes - Perfectionism

Do you find yourself constantly feeling like it is not perfect, you have
failed? (Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) -
Compulsive Themes - Perfectionism

Do you feel like if you were to give up achieving perfection you will
have failed yourself and your life? (Mental, Physical, Checking,
Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive Themes - Perfectionism

Do you feel like if you do not achieve perfection in some area of your
life that you have once again not lived up to who and what you could be?
(Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive
Themes - Perfectionism

Do you wish that you could achieve perfection in your life? (Mental,
Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive Themes -
Perfectionism

Do you feel less than if you cannot achieve perfection? (Mental,
Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive Themes -
Perfectionism

Do you have to be perfect in other areas of your life because of OCD?
(Mental, Physical, Checking, Reassurance, Avoidance) - Compulsive
Themes - Perfectionism

Stuck in Rituals

Do you find yourself continuously performing rituals in your life (feel
you have to do things a certain way repeatedly, that they have to be
done the exact same way every time or for an exact amount of times each
time)? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself constantly repeating actions or behaviors to feel
right, feel set, or feel complete? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive
Themes

Are you unable to move on in your life if these rituals are not
performed a specific way every time? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive
Themes

Do you find yourself needing to repeat actions or behaviors repeatedly a
certain number of times? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive Themes

Do you feel the need to repeat actions or behaviors repeatedly in order
to feel complete? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive Themes

Do you need to do things consistently every time you enter a room, leave
a room, get up, or down, or some other activity? (Physical) Rituals -
Compulsive Themes

Do you find yourself struggling to move on if an action or behavior is
not done in a specific way, every time? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive
Themes

Do you need to touch, tap, or rub certain objects in your home, car, or
at work? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive Themes

Do you need to blink, stare, or look at an object, person, or place in a
specific way every time? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive Themes

Need to eat a specific way, count to a specific number of calories, or
some other ritualized eating behaviors? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive
Themes

Do you find yourself continuously needing to do things in a very
specific way that most people do not have to do? (Physical) Rituals -
Compulsive Themes

Do you often feel embarrassed or ashamed of the thought that someone
would see you doing a ritual or behavior because you know it is not
“normal”? (Physical) Rituals - Compulsive Themes

Do you perform some other ritual in your life as a result of OCD?
(Physical) Rituals - Compulsive Themes

Compulsion Test:

After evaluating all of this again, it became clear that there is no
longer a reason to have them take a compulsion test. With that being
said, the prior test will provide results for the 25 compulsion themes
below.

25- Compulsive Themes

Avoidance

Checking

Cleaning / Washing

Counting

Exercise

Existential

Feels Dirty / Feels Gross

Harm

Health

Identity

Just Right / Feels Right

Mental

Morality

Perfectionism

Physical

Reassurance

Relational

Religious

Repeating

Responsibility

Ritual

Somatic

Superstitious

Symmetry / Order / Exactness

Unlawful / Illegal
